hello this is WWE FNS hog quo Federation
w to be a figure match fail Sunday and
ok and our competitors night all great
khali and Luke goes he also possible
uzun look lubos and he was before Luke
Paulo he was Festus so you may know him
as bestest or yellow depends on what you
want and if you keep the update on your
WWE SMS
hey you may know I am pumped with
yesterday so he is not at my side right
now so let me tell you I will win this
match and great khali will not so
schedule hey John Cena that counts
sounds like a challenge for me doesn't
it to you yeah it does oh I just been
pulled that um John Cena had to go to
the potty Stone Jeffrey is now official
or not weighing in at 300 pounds is
great khali
Oh put anybody who didn't buggery
buggery buggery I'm a big booty buddy
big baby baby bunny oh oh this is gonna
be a flow down right to the stage wall
oh right to the holder and a kick to the
head and over the mat to say Leah place
okay camera man you're gonna be fired
next time it moves oh I'm sorry next
time it does not Tuesday looks like
Rocky philosophy you know it all put up
yes a chokeslam just a la mode 2 12 a
kick-out Oh are they gonna go through
the stage wall almost the Ice goes a
budge
I'm to the book back from the boy oh it
took us white folks no stop would you
like the microphone click once a few
words up we got ahead we got some money
polling
now people I told you I was gonna win
nobody can stop me nobody
I